today guys a beer geek nation we are
doing something pretty special pretty
weird actually something I never thought
I'd see a belgian-style Trippel and it
can this my friends is from brewery
vivant out of Michigan Grand Rapids to
be exact and this is their triple it's
an eight point two five percent
belgian-style Trippel like I said one of
my favorite styles as you guys probably
know and they talk about that they use
the arden a g-strain in this one which i
believe is probably why use 3522 but i
could be wrong it's the eschew yeast
strain I know one of my favorite you
strange didn't use and I got a huge
thanks to Ron for hooking me up with
this one they do have a very limited
distribution Michigan and maybe a couple
states here and there touching Michigan
but they brew these crazy you know
Belgian style beers classic Belgian
style beers and they put them all on
these really cool pint-sized cans so
looking forward to this let me get into
glass what you got guys know it smells
tasting to be the final verdict on the
brewery vivant triple alright guys to be
a roll mama brewery vivant triple Wow
definitely getting those yeast
characters banana clove bubblegum lots
of yeast enos to it a nice kind of sweep
readiness in there may be a little like
a black pepper spiciness yeah just a
classic smelling triple I got some taste
on the broom vault triple Cheers yeah I
mean follows the aroma perfectly right
the from the tongue you're getting that
banana clove spiciness that you get from
that particular yeast strain middle of
the mouth there's a big kind of yeasty
body to it a little bit of a bready
sweetness a biscuit kind of crackery
type of graininess to it more of that
banana more of a clove definite little
bit of like again that peppery spiciness
kind of coming through lots of
carbonation help move the flavors along
sweet aftertaste on this one a grainy
kind of multi fruity sweetness and this
as well more of that been
Anna and clove character a little bit of
that bubblegum flavor coming through as
well just a very very interesting take
on the triple style alright guys so the
final verdict in the brewery vivant
triple eight point two five percent
available now guys going to give this 1a
be you know as far as triple goes it's a
very very good offering the yeast strain
is highlighted perfectly you get those
banana and bubblegum characteristics but
at the same time the malt you know the
malt characteristics are very classic
triple a nice kind of underlying
sweetness maybe a little bit sweeter in
the finish and most triples you know
that tend to be pretty dry but with that
said you can't fault them for because it
plays off the east characteristics
perfectly so looking forward to more
brewery vivant stuff if I can grab it
looking at mean it's a really cool thing
what they're doing they're so brewing
traditional styles putting them in cans
and putting a little twist on them can't
go wrong so with that say getting a B
for me and remember folks life's too
short strick amazing beers Cheers